README.md, before:

# Lab code pipeline
Build code pipeline using terraform in AWS <!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | 1.3.5 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~>4.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | 4.54.0 |
| <a name="provider_null"></a> [null](#provider\_null) | 3.2.1 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_ec2"></a> [ec2](#module\_ec2) | terraform-aws-modules/ec2-instance/aws | ~> 3.0 |
| <a name="module_sg"></a> [sg](#module\_sg) | terraform-aws-modules/security-group/aws | n/a |
| <a name="module_vpc"></a> [vpc](#module\_vpc) | terraform-aws-modules/vpc/aws | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_alb.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/alb) | resource |
| [aws_codecommit_repository.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/codecommit_repository) | resource |
| [aws_codedeploy_app.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/codedeploy_app) | resource |
| [aws_codedeploy_deployment_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/codedeploy_deployment_group) | resource |
| [aws_codepipeline.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/codepipeline) | resource |
| [aws_eip.ec2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/eip) | resource |
| [aws_iam_instance_profile.ec2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_instance_profile) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.deploy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.ec2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.pipeline](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy.pipeline](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.deploy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy_attachment) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.ec2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy_attachment) | resource |
| [aws_launch_template.ec2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/launch_template) | resource |
| [aws_lb_listener.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lb_listener) | resource |
| [aws_lb_target_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lb_target_group) | resource |
| [aws_lb_target_group_attachment.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lb_target_group_attachment) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket.pipeline](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_acl.pipeline_acl](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_acl) | resource |
| [null_resource.ec2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [aws_ami.amazon](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/ami) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_ec2_control"></a> [ec2\_control](#input\_ec2\_control) | ec2 instance state control | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_ec2_state"></a> [ec2\_state](#input\_ec2\_state) | allows managing an instance power state | `string` | `"stopped"` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_deploy_app"></a> [deploy\_app](#output\_deploy\_app) | n/a |
| <a name="output_ec2"></a> [ec2](#output\_ec2) | n/a |
| <a name="output_launch_templete"></a> [launch\_templete](#output\_launch\_templete) | n/a |
| <a name="output_lb"></a> [lb](#output\_lb) | n/a |
| <a name="output_repo"></a> [repo](#output\_repo) | n/a |
| <a name="output_security_group"></a> [security\_group](#output\_security\_group) | n/a |
| <a name="output_vpc"></a> [vpc](#output\_vpc) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

instance control shell script new version

README.md, after:

# Lab code pipeline
Build code pipeline using terraform in AWS <!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | 1.3.5 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~>4.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | 4.54.0 |
| <a name="provider_null"></a> [null](#provider\_null) | 3.2.1 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_ec2"></a> [ec2](#module\_ec2) | terraform-aws-modules/ec2-instance/aws | ~> 3.0 |
| <a name="module_sg"></a> [sg](#module\_sg) | terraform-aws-modules/security-group/aws | n/a |
| <a name="module_vpc"></a> [vpc](#module\_vpc) | terraform-aws-modules/vpc/aws | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_alb.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/alb) | resource |
| [aws_ami_from_instance.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ami_from_instance) | resource |
| [aws_codecommit_repository.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/codecommit_repository) | resource |
| [aws_codedeploy_app.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/codedeploy_app) | resource |
| [aws_codedeploy_deployment_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/codedeploy_deployment_group) | resource |
| [aws_codepipeline.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/codepipeline) | resource |
| [aws_eip.ec2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/eip) | resource |
| [aws_iam_instance_profile.ec2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_instance_profile) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.deploy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.ec2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.pipeline](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy.pipeline](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.deploy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy_attachment) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.ec2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy_attachment) | resource |
| [aws_launch_template.ec2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/launch_template) | resource |
| [aws_lb_listener.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lb_listener) | resource |
| [aws_lb_target_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lb_target_group) | resource |
| [aws_lb_target_group_attachment.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lb_target_group_attachment) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket.pipeline](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_acl.pipeline_acl](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_acl) | resource |
| [null_resource.ec2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [aws_ami.amazon](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/ami) | data source |
| [aws_launch_template.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/launch_template) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_ec2_control"></a> [ec2\_control](#input\_ec2\_control) | ec2 instance state control | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_ec2_state"></a> [ec2\_state](#input\_ec2\_state) | allows managing an instance power state | `string` | `"stopped"` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_deploy_app"></a> [deploy\_app](#output\_deploy\_app) | n/a |
| <a name="output_ec2"></a> [ec2](#output\_ec2) | n/a |
| <a name="output_launch_templete"></a> [launch\_templete](#output\_launch\_templete) | n/a |
| <a name="output_lb"></a> [lb](#output\_lb) | n/a |
| <a name="output_repo"></a> [repo](#output\_repo) | n/a |
| <a name="output_security_group"></a> [security\_group](#output\_security\_group) | n/a |
| <a name="output_vpc"></a> [vpc](#output\_vpc) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
